The type constructor is the name of the type and is capitalized
When one is reading or writing type signatues, the type names or type constructors are used
Deriving Show allows the values of that type to be printed to the screen
Integral numbers consist of two types 
    Int: This type is a fixed precision integer i.e., it has a range, with a maximum and a minimum, and so 
         it cannot be arbitrarily large or small
    Integer: This type is also for integers, but this one supports arbitrarily large (or small) numbers. 

Fractional numbers: 
    Float: This type is used for single-precision floating point numbers. Fixed point number representations have immutable number of digits assigned for
           the parts of the number before and after the decimal point. IN contrast, floating point can shift how many bits it uses to represent numbers
           before or after the decimal point
    Double: This is a double-precision floating point number which has twice as many bits with which to describe numbers as the Float type
    Rational: This is a rational number that represents a ratio of two integers
    Scientific: This is space efficient and almost arbitrary precision scientific number type. It's more efficient than rational numbers. 
                It stores the coefficient as an Integer and the exponent as an Int. 

All the above numeric datatypes have instances of a typeclass called Num. 
The Num typeclass is what provides your standard (+), (-), and (*) operators along with few others. 
Any type that has instance of Num can be used with those functions. 

minBound and maxBound can be used to find the upper and lowerfound of an integer type. It is imported from GHC.Int
One can always find out if a type has an instance of Bounded by asking GHCi for the type :info for that type. 
Num is a superclass of Fractional. So (+) and other functions from the Num typeclass can be used with Fractional numbers, but the functions 
from the Fractional typeclass cannot be used with all types that have a Num instance. 

Fractional values default to floating point type Double

